https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/apt-get/ apt-get
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/apt/ apt
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ar/ ar
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/aria2c/ aria2c
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/arp/ arp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ash/ ash
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/at/ at
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/atobm/ atobm
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/awk/ awk
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/base32/ base32
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/base64/ base64
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/basenc/ basenc
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/bash/ bash
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/bpftrace/ bpftrace
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/bridge/ bridge
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/bundler/ bundler
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/busctl/ busctl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/busybox/ busybox
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/byebug/ byebug
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cancel/ cancel
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/capsh/ capsh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cat/ cat
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_by_ssh/ check_by_ssh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_cups/ check_cups
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_log/ check_log
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_memory/ check_memory
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_raid/ check_raid
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_ssl_cert/ check_ssl_cert
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/check_statusfile/ check_statusfile
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/chmod/ chmod
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/chown/ chown
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/chroot/ chroot
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cobc/ cobc
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/column/ column
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/comm/ comm
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/composer/ composer
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cowsay/ cowsay
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cowthink/ cowthink
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cp/ cp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cpan/ cpan
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cpulimit/ cpulimit
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/crash/ crash
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/crontab/ crontab
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/csh/ csh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/csplit/ csplit
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cupsfilter/ cupsfilter
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/curl/ curl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/cut/ cut
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dash/ dash
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/date/ date
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dd/ dd
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dialog/ dialog
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/diff/ diff
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dig/ dig
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dmesg/ dmesg
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dmsetup/ dmsetup
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dnf/ dnf
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/docker/ docker
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/dpkg/ dpkg
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/easy_install/ easy_install
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/eb/ eb
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ed/ ed
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/emacs/ emacs
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/env/ env
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/eqn/ eqn
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ex/ ex
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/exiftool/ exiftool
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/expand/ expand
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/expect/ expect
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/facter/ facter
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/file/ file
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/find/ find
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/finger/ finger
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/flock/ flock
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/fmt/ fmt
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/fold/ fold
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ftp/ ftp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/gawk/ gawk
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/gcc/ gcc
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/gdb/ gdb
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/gem/ gem
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/genisoimage/ genisoimage
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ghc/ ghc
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ghci/ ghci
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/gimp/ gimp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/git/ git
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/grep/ grep
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/gtester/ gtester
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/hd/ hd
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/head/ head
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/hexdump/ hexdump
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/highlight/ highlight
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/hping3/ hping3
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/iconv/ iconv
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/iftop/ iftop
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/install/ install
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ionice/ ionice
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ip/ ip
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/irb/ irb
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/jjs/ jjs
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/join/ join
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/journalctl/ journalctl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/jq/ jq
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/jrunscript/ jrunscript
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ksh/ ksh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ksshell/ ksshell
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ld.so/ ld.so
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ldconfig/ ldconfig
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/less/ less
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/logsave/ logsave
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/look/ look
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ltrace/ ltrace
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/lua/ lua
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/lwp-download/ lwp-download
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/lwp-request/ lwp-request
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/mail/ mail
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/make/ make
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/man/ man
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/mawk/ mawk
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/more/ more
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/mount/ mount
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/mtr/ mtr
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/mv/ mv
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/mysql/ mysql
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nano/ nano
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nawk/ nawk
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nc/ nc
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nice/ nice
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nl/ nl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nmap/ nmap
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/node/ node
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nohup/ nohup
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/npm/ npm
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nroff/ nroff
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/nsenter/ nsenter
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/od/ od
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/openssl/ openssl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/openvpn/ openvpn
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/openvt/ openvt
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/paste/ paste
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pdb/ pdb
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/perl/ perl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pg/ pg
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/php/ php
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pic/ pic
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pico/ pico
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pip/ pip
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pkexec/ pkexec
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pr/ pr
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/pry/ pry
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/psql/ psql
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/puppet/ puppet
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/python/ python
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rake/ rake
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/readelf/ readelf
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/red/ red
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/redcarpet/ redcarpet
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/restic/ restic
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rev/ rev
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rlogin/ rlogin
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rlwrap/ rlwrap
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rpm/ rpm
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rpmquery/ rpmquery
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rsync/ rsync
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ruby/ ruby
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/run-mailcap/ run-mailcap
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/run-parts/ run-parts
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rview/ rview
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/rvim/ rvim
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/scp/ scp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/screen/ screen
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/script/ script
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/sed/ sed
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/service/ service
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/setarch/ setarch
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/sftp/ sftp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/sg/ sg
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/shuf/ shuf
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/slsh/ slsh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/smbclient/ smbclient
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/socat/ socat
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/soelim/ soelim
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/sort/ sort
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/split/ split
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/sqlite3/ sqlite3
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ss/ ss
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ssh-keyscan/ ssh-keyscan
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ssh/ ssh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/start-stop-daemon/ start-stop-daemon
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/stdbuf/ stdbuf
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/strace/ strace
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/strings/ strings
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/su/ su
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/sysctl/ sysctl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/systemctl/ systemctl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tac/ tac
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tail/ tail
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tar/ tar
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/taskset/ taskset
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tbl/ tbl
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tclsh/ tclsh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tcpdump/ tcpdump
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tee/ tee
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/telnet/ telnet
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tftp/ tftp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/time/ time
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/timeout/ timeout
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/tmux/ tmux
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/top/ top
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/troff/ troff
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/ul/ ul
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/unexpand/ unexpand
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/uniq/ uniq
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/unshare/ unshare
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/update-alternatives/ update-alternatives
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/uudecode/ uudecode
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/uuencode/ uuencode
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/valgrind/ valgrind
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/vi/ vi
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/view/ view
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/vigr/ vigr
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/vim/ vim
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/vimdiff/ vimdiff
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/vipw/ vipw
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/watch/ watch
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/wget/ wget
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/whois/ whois
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/wish/ wish
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/xargs/ xargs
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/xmodmap/ xmodmap
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/xxd/ xxd
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/xz/ xz
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/yelp/ yelp
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/yum/ yum
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/zip/ zip
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/zsh/ zsh
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/zsoelim/ zsoelim
https://gtfobins.github.io/gtfobins/zypper/ zypper
